# Natural language processing


- ### Contents

	- [SMS Spam/Ham classifier using Naive Bayes algorithm](https://github.com/datA2Z/All-about-data-science-and-AI/blob/master/Natural%20language%20processing/Classifier%20using%20Naive%20Bayes%20algorithm.ipynb): Short Message Service is one of the popular and  services and most used service in mobile network. It has high response rate and having good confidentiality with trusted and personal service. Due to that unwanted SMS known as spam SMS will arise which will generate different problem to mobile user. To identify such spam message is one of the important challenges in internet and wireless network. We are using Naive Bayes classifiers, a family of classifiers that are based on the popular Bayes’ probability theorem, are known for creating simple yet well performing models. [view](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/datA2Z/All-about-data-science-and-AI/blob/master/Natural%20language%20processing/Classifier%20using%20Naive%20Bayes%20algorithm.ipynb)
	- [Natural language processing Part one](https://github.com/datA2Z/All-about-data-science-and-AI/blob/master/Natural%20language%20processing/Natural%20language%20processing%20Part%20one.ipynb): The objectives of this Analysis is to understand the different text review provided by customers using Python. The first part of the notebook provides a basic understanding review using NLP techniques like Sentiment analysis, wordcloud. You can view notebook by clicking [here](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/datA2Z/All-about-data-science-and-AI/blob/master/Natural%20language%20processing/Natural%20language%20processing%20Part%20one.ipynb)
	- [Natural language processing Part Two](https://github.com/datA2Z/All-about-data-science-and-AI/blob/master/Natural%20language%20processing/Natural%20language%20processing%20Part%20Two.ipynb): Continue from the first part of NLP analysis. in this notebook, we are performing Bigram, Clustering and Topic Modeling to understanding review provided by customers. The second part can be accessed from [here](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/datA2Z/All-about-data-science-and-AI/blob/master/Natural%20language%20processing/Natural%20language%20processing%20Part%20Two.ipynb).



If you liked work we had done and want to have a conversation with me about the portfolio, work opportunities, or collaboration, Kindly share your details at up.rupesh@gmail.com
	